## Problem Statement
For game developers and creatives, it’s a constant challenge to raise money and generate a steady income while creating games which are loved by gamers. Every time they start a new project, these people either starve their way through until they complete a sellable prototype or they have to sell upfront to a publisher willing to support the idea in order to get a solid funding to afford the development. This is especially true if you are a small studio, bigger studios might get support by their banks, which comes at a cost.

The main problem they face is development and creative work requires freedom of creative expression for a pretty demanding audience, which is hard to maintain while you are running after money — which leads to bad games and business models. Today, their best option is to find a publisher, but of course, they are selling a decent amount of their intellectual property for a finance round giving them hardly enough air until some months after release. With increased cost and more competition in the market, the problem will only get worse over time.

If only there was an easier/better/cheaper way to connect studios with gamers, without all the middle men, then game creators could focus on what they do best: creation of video games and sustainable business models, which would lead to happy times for developers and gamers, which can directly influence better video games — all of them in a mutually beneficial relationship.

With millions of game creators and billions of gamers as potential investors in this market, there is a clear opportunity to meaningfully impact a huge number of people.
